d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.RemoteService.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.Configuration.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.IRepository.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.EF.Repository.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.pdb
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.RemoteService.pdb
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.Configuration.pdb
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.IRepository.pdb
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.EF.Repository.pdb
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.dll
d:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.RemoteService.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.IRepository.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.EF.Repository.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.RemoteService.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.IRepository.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.EF.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.RemoteService.XmlSerializers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.Model.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Utils.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Backend.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Trial\SourceCode\Trial.Backend\Trial.Backend.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Trial.Utils.pdb
